
After .com write to Amby
Look for results of race around the time of world's fair in NY when you got 5th in national championship.
Look for results of first road race in Plainfield NJ when I met George S.
Look for results of team triathlon at age 39 with John Hogan and ?.  Do you have any pictures?  This may make a story or a
  least a running photo.
Talk about magnesium, potassium quercetin  and give links.  I eat a good diet and don't need multivitamins.

vitamins jim Ryan vitamin ?E? I took multi-V, vit E glucosomine, vitamine C (Romi C).  About 2005. decided to change.

videos of indoor champs

When talking about Ralph mention long runs, intervals, and tempo runs.  for tempo runs include pages taken from
running times.  Do I need permission to include these pages.


Jen Martin  news article


Talk about bear foot running, light and loose shoes,  shoes with little support, running mid to forward on feet might be better.
	Ideas from Born to Run and physio in Amsterdam. Remember this is what works for me, it may not work for everyone.

Talk about drills on track.  Include video.

Talk about weight machines. Include video.

Talk about calories required for a long run.  C=2.4*Pounds*(Hours-1.3)
   Talk about food and drink schedules that I print for each ultra.

Photo of Amt Marathon and windmill  mention Windmill view, maureen birth, diner

graph of pulse 1964-65?  also maybe something on pulses I have been taking lately during workouts.

Most memorable races
  St Christopher's 12 mile 1964,65,66,67,70
	5 times
		1st time Joe Klienerman (Kleinerman?) friend , kurt Steiner? Dick Clapp, John Kelly (spelling) runner->
		walker became friend met again in Toronto, John Long, Jim ? swimming pool,  Joe took me over course gave
		me advice on pacing each section etc, I slept on floor.  I just followed leader.  Had a good kick (in
		shape for track) out kicked (?) Is this the runner in picture from later race waiting to shack my hand.
		Joe was so happy for me at end.  We became friends and also with Carmen in next 3 races.

		In later runs 2nd places a third and on honeymoon.  Mary Jane's run.
		Ed windrow in rain

  Metro championship 25K. Biggest race in NY.  Ny Marathon started in 1970. Gary M, Gavin Jones. other good runner. I have
	results sheet.  That year I trained hard.  Might be last chance to really get in shape-Grad school. Gary had won
	other races that I had been in that year  running away from everyone including me. The week before I had won the
	NJ AAU 6 mile championship on track in record time.  Decided to stick with Gary until I couldn't any more.
	First 2 miles in 5:00/mi pace.  Hot day.  Gary surged a lot through about 12th mile.  Then we just ran side by
	side until near end.  I kicked it in and won. Threw up. Warming down.  Joe and Kurt.  Asked me who won.  Joe"I knew you
	could do it",  I remember it like it was yesterday time=1:24??
	another 25K Peace race Age I think in late 30's running with some from Mexico.  Even pace the whole way.
	Lasse V 15th?, my place ? About the same time as in 1968.

	another 25K Peace race.  Wanted to match my bext time as a Masters runner.  Was on pace, slowed at the end.
	cold and rainy time pace, disappopinted left for home. phone call. disappointment-> excitement.

	Dublin
